I love Kiefer Sutherland and it was also
one of the reason that I accept to do
this this show except the character
itself because the character they
offered to me was really really good
and but I didn't get a chance to work
with give her a lot because on the story
I'm on one side and he's on the other
side so so and then it's a little
surprise but for the for the little
little time that I spend with him I
really liked him it was cool I played a
character of Guillermo which is Hispanic
character born and raised in France and
is a priest a Jesuit priest
everything that Guillermo does on this
on this show is related to his fate
I never get a chance to do that kind of
character like a priest Spanish
background it was a new thing for me and
I like I like the challenge challenge
was cool
this is not easy to do because you gotta
go a sick deeply inside yourself and
it's very intense and you know even if
movies and TV it's like a beautiful lie
you gotta you gotta put some truth in it
to sell that lie and yeah it's kind of I
wouldn't I wouldn't say dangerous but
it's like you gotta be committed to your
character because you cannot lie with
this type of characters so yeah it's
intense and it's not fun it's a lot of
work a lot of dedication and you know
I'm coming from movies to our LED TV
that's like the second time of my life
that I'm doing TV and it's a completely
different world
yeah the pace is completely different
and stuff but at the end of the day we
still filming like like like a movie you
still act you you still print on life on
film so you know what I mean is like in
between those things you try to be fast
but also be good and deliver it like a
serious composition serious performance
so that's the challenge
I think that it's this new season they
breed they bring in other stuff exciting
stuff and hopefully the audience are
going to gonna like it